source/classify-html.rst, before:

Classify HTML
=============

.. contents:: Classify HTML Calls
    :local:

POST classify/html
------------------

Classify the submitted HTML and return scored categories and keywords.

In typical usage the ``async`` parameter should be set to ``false``.  The POST call will return a 200 HTTP
Status-Code (:rfc:`2616#section-10.2.1`) as well as the classification for the input.

If ``async`` is set to ``true``, the POST call will return a 201 HTTP Status-Code (:rfc:`2616#section-10.2.2`)
as well as a ``result_uri`` pointing to the result set. If the result set is not yet completed,
the GET call will return a 202 HTTP Status-Code (:rfc:`2616#section-10.2.3`).  The result set, once completed, will be
available for retrieval for either 2 days or until it is successfully consumed, whichever comes first.


Resource URL
^^^^^^^^^^^^
:api_url:`classify/html`

Parameters
^^^^^^^^^^

.. csv-table::
    :header: "Parameter","Type","Description"
    :stub-columns: 1
    :widths: 25, 20, 100
    
    "html (*required*)", "string", "HTML content to be classified."
    "async (*required*)", "boolean", "Please set to ``false`` to retrieve results immediately.  If set to ``true``, do not wait for a result set."
    "entities (*optional*)", "boolean", "Provide fall-back NLP Entity extraction to provide extra entities that eContext may not return from its taxonomy (defaults to ``false``)"

Example Request
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

POST Request
""""""""""""

.. parsed-literal::
    
    curl -X POST -u username:password --data-binary @classify-html-input.json \\
    --header "Content-type: application/json" \\
    :api_url:`classify/html`

The contents of :download:`classify-html-input.json <_static/classify-html-input.json>`:

.. code-block:: json
    
    {
        "async": false,
        "html": "<!DOCTYPE html><html><head><title>Microsoft Stores offer $100 Xbox One discount
        if you trade in a PS3</title></head><body><h1>Microsoft Stores offer $100 Xbox One discount
        if you trade in a PS3</h1><p>Currently there’s one advantage the PS4 has over the Xbox One
        that Microsoft can do little about: the price difference.</p><p>Sure, they
        could cut the price of the Xbox One by $100 and match the PS4 at $399, but then Microsoft
        would be making a big loss on every console sold. However, they have come up with a way to
        offer you an Xbox One for $399.</p><p>From now until March 2, Microsoft Stores will offer
        you $100 of store credit if you trade in a PS3, Xbox 360 S, or Xbox 360 E. Of course,
        there’s a number of terms and conditions in order to get that $100. The console must be in
        fully working order and have its original accessories including the power supply. You will
        also only be guaranteed to get $100 for your old machine if you agree to purchase an Xbox
        One at the same time.</p></body></html>"
    }


POST Response
"""""""""""""

.. literalinclude:: _static/classify-html-output.json
   :language: json

Commit message:

Added a lot of content, particularly about custom taxonomies, dataset timestamps, and branch parameters in classify/keywords

source/classify-html.rst, after:

Classify HTML
=============

.. contents:: Classify HTML Calls
    :local:

POST classify/html
------------------

Classify the submitted HTML and return scored categories and keywords.

In typical usage the ``async`` parameter should be set to ``false``.  The POST call will return a 200 HTTP
Status-Code (:rfc:`2616#section-10.2.1`) as well as the classification for the input.

If ``async`` is set to ``true``, the POST call will return a 201 HTTP Status-Code (:rfc:`2616#section-10.2.2`)
as well as a ``result_uri`` pointing to the result set. If the result set is not yet completed,
the GET call will return a 202 HTTP Status-Code (:rfc:`2616#section-10.2.3`).  The result set, once completed, will be
available for retrieval for either 2 days or until it is successfully consumed, whichever comes first.


Resource URL
^^^^^^^^^^^^
:api_url:`classify/html`

Parameters
^^^^^^^^^^

.. csv-table::
    :header: "Parameter","Type","Description"
    :stub-columns: 1
    :widths: 25, 20, 100
    
    "html (*required*)", "string", "HTML content to be classified."
    "async (*required*)", "boolean", "Please set to ``false`` to retrieve results immediately.  If set to ``true``, do not wait for a result set."
    "entities (*optional*)", "boolean", "Provide fall-back NLP Entity extraction to provide extra entities that eContext may not return from its taxonomy (defaults to ``false``)"
    "taxonomy_timestamp (*optional*)", "integer", "Use categories from the eContext Taxonomy that existed at this point in time.  This will allow recently deleted categories to remain and hides newly created categories"
    "dataset_id (*optional*)", "string", "A :ref:`custom-taxonomies` id to use in lieu of the default eContext Taxonomy"

Return
^^^^^^

The result set includes ``scored_categories`` and ``scored_keywords`` as well as a ``categories`` dictionary. The
``scored_keywords`` object contains a list of high-value phrases that eContext was able to pull out of the submitted text
as well as associated scores for each. The ``scored_categories`` object contains a list of ``category_id`` and ``score``
objects where the ``category_id`` corresponds to an item in the ``categories`` dictionary. Higher values indicate a higher
score.

Example Request
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

POST Request
""""""""""""

.. parsed-literal::
    
    curl -X POST -u username:password --data-binary @classify-html-input.json \\
    --header "Content-type: application/json" \\
    :api_url:`classify/html`

The contents of :download:`classify-html-input.json <_static/classify-html-input.json>`:

.. code-block:: json
    
    {
        "async": false,
        "html": "<!DOCTYPE html><html><head><title>Microsoft Stores offer $100 Xbox One discount
        if you trade in a PS3</title></head><body><h1>Microsoft Stores offer $100 Xbox One discount
        if you trade in a PS3</h1><p>Currently there’s one advantage the PS4 has over the Xbox One
        that Microsoft can do little about: the price difference.</p><p>Sure, they
        could cut the price of the Xbox One by $100 and match the PS4 at $399, but then Microsoft
        would be making a big loss on every console sold. However, they have come up with a way to
        offer you an Xbox One for $399.</p><p>From now until March 2, Microsoft Stores will offer
        you $100 of store credit if you trade in a PS3, Xbox 360 S, or Xbox 360 E. Of course,
        there’s a number of terms and conditions in order to get that $100. The console must be in
        fully working order and have its original accessories including the power supply. You will
        also only be guaranteed to get $100 for your old machine if you agree to purchase an Xbox
        One at the same time.</p></body></html>"
    }


POST Response
"""""""""""""

.. literalinclude:: _static/classify-html-output.json
   :language: json
